**Computing:**
- 
It is currently my goal to review the fundamentals of computer science, from the bottom up. I am a firm believer in establishing a strong conceptual foundation, upon which powerful applications can be built. However, I am not currently satisfied with where my foundational skills lie. This file will track my progress on both learning projects and certifications that are not directly related to school.

Consequently, my Computing Overview will cover: Computer Science, Information Technology, Electrical and Computer Engineering, Mathematics, and Physics. 

Naturally, the strongest emphasis will be on Computer Science: programming, algorithms, software development, computer graphics (my primary emphasis), and the like. Additionally, a foundational knowledge of Information Technology will give me the skills needed to troubleshoot my machine and network. And understanding electrical and computer engineering, at least on a foundational level, will help me to have a solid understanding of computer hardware. Mathematics -- as of right now, I only intend to review as far as differential equations and control theory. I will re-evaluate this after completing my master's program. And as for physics, I need to review Newtonian Mechanics and learn circuits. An extremely basic knowledge of astronomy and quantum mechanics will be included in this review as well, but will not be the primary emphasis.

Much of my review will come from MIT Open CourseWare, as well as Coursera and Khan Academy. I plan to complete this review by December 2022 at the latest, which will coincide quite nicely with the conclusion of my master's program, while trying to make time for personal programming projects as well. After completing said review, I will reassess and ascertain which areas I want to delve even deeper into, while continually reinforcing said foundational knowledge. 
